1436790/1438462: Part 37: 20 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10563)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/winforms/controls/how-to-author-controls-for-windows-forms.md

  
9. Repeat, refining the design.  
  

> 10. Package and deploy your control. For details, see [Deploying Applications, Services, and Components](/visualstudio/deployment/deploying-applications-services-and-components?view=vs-2015).  

Reviewer: I'd avoid adding views and I'd stick to the default one since that will be the latest

```suggestion
10. Package and deploy your control. For details, see [First look at deployment in Visual Studio](/visualstudio/deployment/deploying-applications-services-and-components).  
```
